# R_Coding_Statictics_Life_Expectancy

The dataset provides information on life expectancy, health and economic factors of a large number of countries over a period of years. The objective of this analysis is to find the main factors that influence life expectancy. We will identify the variables that are most significantly associated with life expectancy and build a linear regression model to forecast the life expectancy of a country based on its health and economic factors. The description of each attribute can be find below.

*Life expectancy:* The average number of years a person can expect to live from birth, assuming that current mortality patterns will continue. *GDP per capita:* The total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a given year divided by the country's population. *Percentage Expenditure:* The total amount of money a country spends on healthcare as a percentage of its GDP. *Thinness (5-9 years):* The percentage of children aged 5-9 years who are below the median weight for their height. *Adult mortality rates:* The number of deaths per 1,000 people aged 15 and older in a given year. *Infant deaths:* The number of deaths of children under 1 year of age per 1,000 live births in a given year. *Under-five deaths:* The number of deaths of children under 5 years of age per 1,000 live births in a given year. *Access to improved sanitation:* The percentage of the population with access to improved sanitation facilities, such as flush toilets or latrines. *Status:* A categorical variable that indicates whether a country is developed or developing. *Country:* The name of the country. *Total expenditure on healthcare:* This variable measures the total amount of money that a country spends on healthcare. *Hepatitis B:* This variable measures the prevalence of hepatitis B among the population. *HIV/AIDS:* This variable measures the prevalence of HIV/AIDS among the population.
